Edits to PGD PR5293 (#5360)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/reference/nodes-management-interfaces.mdx

-   `config_value` &mdash; New value to be set for the given key.

The node options that can be changed using this function are:

> - `route_priority` &mdash; Relative routing priority of the node against other nodes in the same node group. Default is `-1`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `route_priority` &mdash; Relative routing priority of the node against other nodes in the same node group. Default is `'-1'`.
```
Okay, I've sometimes seen the single quotes used when it was meant to be back ticks, so yes, using both makes it clearer (to me at least!) that the single quotes are part of the value. I'll fix the rest of these.

> - `route_fence` &mdash; Whether the node is fenced from routing. When true, the node can't receive connections from PGD Proxy. Default is `f` (false).

Author: ```suggestion
- `route_fence` &mdash; Whether the node is fenced from routing. When true, the node can't receive connections from PGD Proxy. Default is `'f'` (false).
```

- `route_writes` &mdash; Whether writes can be routed to this node, that is, whether the node can become write leader. Default is `t` (true) for data nodes and `f` (false) for other node types.

> - `route_reads` &mdash; Whether read-only connections can be routed to this node. Currently reserved for future use. Default is `t` (true) for data and subscriber-only nodes, `f` (false) for witness and standby nodes.

Author: ```suggestion
- `route_reads` &mdash; Whether read-only connections can be routed to this node. Currently reserved for future use. Default is `'t'` (true) for data and subscriber-only nodes, `'f'` (false) for witness and standby nodes.
```
